Header (<header> contains only the logo and navigation bar)
Interactive navigation bar:
About the shelter element should be highlighted by default;
highlighted About the shelter element may not have hover effects.
Clicking on Our pets takes us to the our pets page.
Clicking on Help the shelter redirects us to the Help block located on the same page (anchor link).
Clicking on Contacts takes us to the Footer block located on the same page (anchor link).
The logo is located on the left. The logo consists of text elements (i.e. not a picture). Clicking on the logo leaves us on the current page.
There must be one <h1> element on the page. You can make it with the text Cozy House.
There is no need to make the header "sticky". It means what when scrolling, it remains in its position.

Not only block
The Make a Friend button should be clickable.
Clicking on Make a Friend takes us to the Our Friends block located on the same page (anchor link).
The background of the blocks can be made with a gradient.
The image of the dog and the text are different blocks that should not overlap.

About block
Carefully look at what kind of quotes are here.

Our Friends block
Buttons "left" and "right" should be interactive.
Pet cards should be interactive when hovering over any area of the card. Hovering over a card changes the cursor, highlights the Learn more button, and changes the background.
Learn more buttons should be interactive.
The Get to know the rest button should be interactive.
Clicking on Get to know the rest takes us to the our pets page.

Help block
For positioning block elements, flexbox or grid layout is used.
Arrangement of elements: necessarily 5 elements on top and 4 elements on the bottom.

In addition block
Interactive block with bank account number. The number should be a link that doesn't lead anywhere.

Footer (<footer> contains contacts, address and image):
Clicking on an email or its icon should open the mail service.
Clicking on the phone or its icon should open dialing.
Clicking on a location should open a page with google maps in a separate window with any location you choose.
The image of the dog, address and contacts are different blocks that should not overlap.
The background of the block can be made with a gradient.
